{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
EDUCATION: \
\
2004 - 2007	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign\
Master of Art Education 2000 - 2003 University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign Master in Fine Arts - Photography\
\
1994 - 2000 University of Utah - Salt Lake City\
Bachelor of Art, Photography and Intermedia Sculpture \
\
1985 - 1989 National Railroad Industrial School - Nymburk, Czech Republic\
Graduate certificate - Engineering with specialization in metal treatment and machine assembly. \
\
\
\
EMPLOYMENT:\
\
2004 - 2007	Teaching Assistant - University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign.\
\
\
\
Taught 4 semesters of an introductory course in the Art and \
\
Design department, including 80 student classes of Art Survey for non-majors, and 30 student classes of Art Survey for Art Education majors. \
\
\
Prepared lecture materials, slides and visual aid.\
\
\
Delivered lectures.\
\
\
Graded student essays and exams for content and knowledge, and critiqued students artwork. \
\
\
\
\
GRANTS AND AWARDS:\
\
2003 \
Award for Excellence in Teaching - University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign. \
\
2002 \
Studio Assistantship Award - Penland School for Arts and Crafts North Carolina. \
\
2000 \
Invited Artist Grant - Salt Lake City Art festival, Utah.\
\
2000 \
Ethel Armstrong Rollap Award for Scholarship \
Excellence - University of Utah. \
\
2000 \
President's Award for outstanding scholastic achievement- University of Utah \
\
1999 \
Society of Photographic Educators Scholarship Award - Rochester, New York. \
\
1999 \
President's Award for outstanding scholastic achievement- University of Utah \
\
1998\
President's Award for outstanding scholastic achievement - University of Utah \
\
1997 \
Francis Sears Scholarship Award - University of Utah. \
\
\
\
\
\
}